so I had the dream again last night was
the same as always we're on the beach me
and Jess and it's nighttime and we're
sitting on like a hail of sand by the
water just watching the tide go in and
out in and out and water's getting
higher and then suddenly it's really
high and I and I know that we should
leave but I don't and jess is is telling
me that we have to go um and she's
trying to make me come with her but I
just refuse I just sit there and then
she's running away from me at the slope
I'm behind us and I can hear her and she
starts screaming and I know that I
should leave and the water's getting
higher but I I don't know something
about the beach just feels safe and
usually when the water gets into my
mouth I wake up I'm kind of panicking
but last night something was different I
don't know and the water covered me and
I didn't wake up and then I just lay
there not moving but under me all moved
and moved me gently up and down and from
side to side I woke up invigorated you
know like all right today is the day no
so I minutes flat and the Sun is just
starting to come out and I can see all
these sleeping lumps around me on the
floor I
I feel sort of agitated I don't know I
feel trapped you know just like why
sleep when the day is this beautiful
it's like grandma used to say expect
poison from the standing water and she
was right you know you should never just
stand or sleep I'm walking down towards
the sea front and and I can smell the
salt in the air and I just feel like
something someone new was all I haven't
been for a while believe it's like I'm
in love no actually it's not like I'm in
love it's like it's like a kiss no it's
like a moment before a kiss when all
that potential for the case is still
there it's full of like this potential I
can feel my heart beating in my fingers
and I and I know that I have to restrain
it I have to just keep my head down and
keep walking because if I don't restrain
it then all this joy is just gonna burst
out of me and I've and I've got to just
keep walking because otherwise i'll run
or or skip or sprint down to the ocean
and dive in headfirst and just swim and
just keep swimming never saw actually
not enough but I'm just just just diving
into the ocean feeling that shock that
ecstasy of cold and being totally
submerged in it I do mean obviously I
can't not gonna I won't but it's nice to
think about I know I know what I've got
to do I'll buy something for my sister
she always gives peace when I come down
here only good get her a souvenir I can
be the perfect sister I'll go down to
the beach front and find something just
something beautiful and sweet I've time
this energy into something good
something positive not just just
squander it on Jake in sex or whatever I
can be good I can be better I get to a
road crossing I have to stop my leg is
is twitching s'alright I'll wait oh wait
um first musical Oh missed call from
jess i can't talk to another she gets so
scared
hey there's no way to tell her that
everything's everything's fine I'm fine
I just need to be here out here I'll
call later I'll put some usable okay
that's better everything feels a little
better a little warmer so I crossed over
the road and keep walking and then I'm
right and notices or vintage shop just
opening up the day so I go in and they
will look a little bit taken aback hi
I'm here looking for something for my
sister she's 17 she's in her last year
of college I something for a prom like a
dance or something and they point me to
these incredible vintage dresses a
beautiful and there's one it's long and
red velvet and I think it actually might
be a little bit too long for her but I
know that she would love it and then I
sport out the corner of my eye this gold
sequin thing and I'm not sure whether as
a top or a scarf that I know that it's
perfect for you know sometimes you just
know and I'm walking back towards the
tail and I noticed these shoes he's
incredible shoe than I worn leather like
sandals almost so I get those as well
and then I notice there's a jewelry
counter this place has everything so I'm
just going through the jewelry and
picking out all the best bits and that's
a beautiful cold areas and there's a
silver kind of bracelet things like a
brooch on top anyway it comes to about
200 all together but
I still have a 20 in my pocket and I can
get home with that jess is running
around Michael talk to her right now she
gets a judgmental I pull the things into
a bag but it doesn't feel like a success
somehow I still got to do something else
I still feel this potential still inside
and I maybe I should talk to Jake no
apologize for the weirdness of it will
last year Oh what I say well anyway
whenever I think about junior feeling to
me feel like be majoring jealous or
angry with jealousy and humiliation just
came rushing back I technology except
now they used to mix with this new
Cecily like excitement I guess it's like
at least colors like blues and yellows
and purples and greens and oranges are
just writhing around and then together
but they never mix it's kind of
overwhelming than any way you slice it
down below my legs are shaking point
just thank you
the nicest a you should come out with me
this morning why do you sleep yeah
getting to the beach now the at sea I'm
dizzy I'm looking out hoping that the
sea the sound the smell might relax me
but my thought everything was competing
my jess's voice it's like we're on a
roof
she's scared to be so high up but only
because she knows there's something in
how that might job I know I won't so I'm
safe last name I up behind something I
was different by God and the water
covered me and I didn't wake up I just
lay there without moving but under me
all move and move me gently up and down
and from side to side
you